Added possible values for table frame attribute (#28399)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/table/index.md

- `frame` {{Deprecated_inline}}

>   - : This enumerated attribute defines which side of the frame surrounding the table must be displayed. It can have the following values:
> 
>     - `void`, which indicates that no sides will be displayed; it is the default value;
>     - `above`, which indicates that the top side only will be displayed;
>     - `below`, which indicates that the bottom side only will be displayed;
>     - `hsides`, which indicates that the top and bottom sides only will be displayed;
>     - `vsides`, which indicates that the right and left sides only will be displayed;
>     - `lhs`, which indicates that the left-hand side only will be displayed;
>     - `rhs`, which indicates that the right-hand side only will be displayed;
>     - `box`, which indicates that the all four sides will be displayed;
>     - `border`, which indicates that the all four sides will be displayed; it is same as `box`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : This enumerated attribute specifies which outer sides of the table should have borders drawn. The default `void` means no borders. The `above`, `below`, `lhs` (left-hand side), and `rhs` (right-hand side) lead to a border on a single side. Two sides will have borders with `hsides` (horizontal sides), `vsides` (vertical sides). All four sides will have a border if `box` or `border` is set. The CSS {{cssxref("border-style")}} property, set on the table, supersedes borders set by this HTML attribute.
```

    To achieve a similar effect, use the {{cssxref("border-style")}} and {{cssxref("border-width")}} properties.

- `rules` {{Deprecated_inline}}

>   - : This enumerated attribute defines where rules, i.e. lines, should appear in a table. Lines can be set to appear between `rows`, `cols` (for columns), or `groups` (between `<thead>`, `<tbody>`, and `<tfoot>` elements, and between `<col>` and `<colgroup>` elements), or `all` or `none` of the above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : This enumerated attribute defines where rules, i.e. lines, should appear in a table. Lines can be set to appear between `rows`, `cols` (for columns), or `groups` (between `<thead>`, `<tbody>`, and `<tfoot>` elements, and between `<col>` and `<colgroup>` elements), or `all` or `none` of the above. CSS {{cssxref("border-style")}} supersedes borders set by this attribute.
```
